let's review this little guy the USB
pass-through from fasttech
about eight bucks the cord is ninety
four point five centimeters long which
equals up to three point one feet okay
this is variable voltage although you
can't go up in point one increments like
everything else we're used to okay with
what you have to do to adjust the
voltage click the button four times and
then it changes colors that will let you
know that it's changed and then it fires
in that color every time and once it
does the multicolor flash that basically
means that it's off ok you push the
button nothing happens
okay so push it four times it'll start
back it'll round-robin it so go back to
the lowest setting okay one thing that I
noticed on this is that the colors in
the description they have is a fast tech
website are backwards but only two of
them are backward to say yeah they say
purple is three volts but it's actually
blue that's three volts
okay and then the what they say is blue
at three point 6 volts is actually
really purple okay so blue is three
volts purple is 3 point 6 volts red is 4
point 2 volts and green is 4 point 8
volts okay the actual the actual
material that they use for this is brass
the weight of it is 36 grams okay how do
I use this I don't generally plug this
straight into USB
and what I normally will do is and I've
got an outlet with a USB already it's
like a combo it's got two USBs in one
outlet and just sits right there on my
desk so it's real convenient okay so
that I basically just used the USB for
low powered things the thumb drive the
the cable for the camera to the computer
okay things like that but whenever I'm
going high voltage I'm using this
adapter right here okay it's got a
little usb on the end this way I know
that I'm getting enough power to the
device and I'm not potentially messing
up my computer now let me get this thing
plugged back in now my desk is still
somewhat of a mess but I'll just show
you what I use just for reference
it's got that blue light on it right
there lets you know it's plugged in okay
you plug it in to the wall socket for
this and then you plug it into the USB
of the computer so that your USB is have
power okay I do run a wired keyboard
just because the batteries are a pain in
the butt and it's a desktop so there's
no need for a wireless okay but the
mouse is Wireless all right so let's get
on to the performance there's not a
whole lot you could say about this
except for the fact that it is handy it
does work well and I like it I don't use
it a whole lot but it is nice and the
fact that if you are sitting at your
desk sitting somewhere stationary saying
you have a cigarette lighter plug
adapter you're in the car you run out of
batteries you know that could also be a
good use for this just have this in the
glovebox or console with a cigarette
lighter adapter with a USB plug on the
end of it if you ever run out and you
say you haven't that requires you to do
a lot of driving it'd be great for that
that's the lowest setting there three
point six volts and that honestly for
three point six volts is a little high
it's actually giving me a burn so let's
break out the meter and see if that will
work and this is what it's doing
are they doing that but it feels like
it's too hot
and therefore it probably is so I
believe it's a little too overpowered
the power regulation isn't all that
great in here okay there's really not
much else I can say about it it's it is
what it is at least you do have options
to lower it or raise it okay folks
that's going to do it for the best tech
USB pass-through thanks for watching